Natalie Austin: Hello.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, I can hear you.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: How's everything going
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I'm doing okay I'm trying to figure out this computer stuff in my phone. I'm trying to get the phone stuff. I'm not very smart at that
Natalie Austin: Oh, I think you'll get it. Just take some time, you know,
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I want to pull up your chart here.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So are you new to treatment.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yes, I am. I'm new. I'm new to you guys. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Did you did you come from another facility.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I have been to another facility. Yeah, I was, uh, I got in and I was there for a while. I've been there for a while. Um, so, but I think
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I'm not prejudiced or anything, but they were. I think they were starting to be that way. I seen people I was starting, I got ready to get some new insurance and commercial insurance and soon as they found that out. They kind of let me go.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Nice. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: To say, right, and one of my friends told me about you guys. So I'll, I'll give you guys a shot. See, you know, but as far as the medication. I've been on the medication for for a while.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay. And I've done groups. I've done groups, three times a week. He's pretty much spent 27 hours doing group time and Dr. Time.
Natalie Austin: That's a lot.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, that got to be a little bit hectic with working
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so that's a full time job right there.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, almost. How do you spell your last name.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: It's ed d y
Natalie Austin: April.
Natalie Austin: Date of birth.
And you're born
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: April 4 73. Yeah. Yep.
Natalie Austin: Go ahead, I'm sorry. You're talking
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I'm just my last name. My first and last name. It's two first names. Actually, April, Eddie.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm Danny allergies anything
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yes, I have allergy to flocks in
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And they have flocks and and locks and on my books here, but they will put in a locks and on the computers at the pharmacies, because it'll stop me from getting
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: My script of
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Whatever be few be I can't be for morphine or wherever it's all
Natalie Austin: People in our friend.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: ticket stub you text. So what you get.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, I get 70 Tex.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Um,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I don't know if you need all my medications or yeah
Natalie Austin: I'll go, I'll go over all your meds and or we get to that point.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, what what what's next. What does have some new types do you get from them.
Natalie Austin: I did.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I get eight milligram
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I can show it to eight milligram tablets.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Twice a day.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Are using Walmart Lexington.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: It's actually Walmart, you know, our Walmart's here does not give that out.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, I go to for for my savvy tech. I go to. I met her shrug right now.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, but for all my other my psych meds and all that I go to Lexington, it's actually Lexington spring mill.
Natalie Austin: Okay. How do you spell her drug
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: It's Ah, you are sh.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And then it's pharmacy. It says her pharmacy on it.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Is just our local pharmacy downtown
Natalie Austin: What's the zip code for that.
Um,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Let me see.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: 444902
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: It's a 90 North diamond Street.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I see it. Okay.
Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: That's where I've been going the last few times.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Um, because there are different kinds of these savvy tech and
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I mean, these seem to be these work okay for me. A lot of people don't like these, but there are some out there that make me real tired.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha.
Natalie Austin: So make sure this is in the system here for you. So whenever we're done. I can
Natalie Austin: Eat it.
That's
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: The female
Natalie Austin: Yeah, to tell me about your, your story, like how you got started in opioids.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Um, actually I was
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I used to take like 20 Percocet, a day.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I was doing 20 per cents a day and
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I was married to a guy, the head Crohn's disease. So I'm after they were kind of hard to find and
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Then I've done heroin.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I've never injected it
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So snorting issue with me.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And then, as they say, you know, we try to sell to our drug of choice and try to jump on another one. Well, just recently I tried to get off these things myself. And that was a no no
And I tried using
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Math.
Natalie Austin: Oh, to get yeah
No.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And that I think was the drug that I like the most. I would have to say out of everything I've done. I mean, I'm almost 50 years old. I've should have done crash this and been done with this long time ago I got grandbabies I got, you know, to take care of. I can't be
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: You know, this is just like should have been done long time ago.
So,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I'm the reason I went to a place called Healing Arts.
Was
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: This doctor that prescribes me my mental my cheaper. She was prescribing me Xanax and then she sent me to her clinic.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And they've just decided that they can have the same doctor prescribe
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: subs and Xanax or subs and lot of pain. So she told me she said, You need to find another doctor that will prescribe you suck Suboxone and then I'll prescribe you your psych meds.
And I said, Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So that's why I need to find another doctor
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, so you guys
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: You guys would probably be the best because I can get on you guys. Whenever you know what time
So, so
Natalie Austin: So what age did you start using opioids.
Natalie Austin: told her you
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Know her it was in line.
Natalie Austin: You know who
Natalie Austin: 46 now 20
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So I started
Natalie Austin: Running years ago. Yep.
Natalie Austin: Yeah 35 years old you started drugs late
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I know
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I know that's what I'm doing.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Right now.
Natalie Austin: I said, I better not age.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Right, right, right. I would
Natalie Austin: I
Would
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Start I'd never took a Tylenol. I never did nothing. I was that girl that you know just never did anything like that. Then I got married and that's why I went downhill.
Natalie Austin: So, so was not you didn't start it after an injury or a surgery. It was just, just to get high kind of wrong. You are the wrong person.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I was just getting high and stuff.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah yeah
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And I came
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I can't just blame it on him, you know i mean i i i actually took it, but we were going out getting drunk, and then, you know, I worked at the hospital. I worked at the hospital for eight years.
So,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And I would have a hangover. So he's like here. Take one of my perk five
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Five. And that kind of started it because I was like wow there went my you know there went my
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Head. I hadn't eaten everything you
Natalie Austin: Know,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And it was me working. He started laying on the couch, because he was getting sicker and sicker.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So, and then I started working like for jobs. I worked for jobs, but I could keep working those four jobs because I was doing these 30
Natalie Austin: You know,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And then these PR 30s. Got a little bit expensive and he started going to heroin and
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: He yeah
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Oh, so, and then when you went to heroin. I kind of jumped on these
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And so I found out I started it first. I started taking the ones with the locks in in them, and I was getting sick.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And I didn't
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: You know, I didn't think anything about it and then
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: They put me on the ones I'm on now and I wasn't getting sick. Sometimes I still get a headache, but I was vomiting.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Having a headache. So I don't know what that's about. But I've been doing on every sense
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Is just eventually I want off all this
Natalie Austin: Right. Yeah, like you said, is times of, you know, time's up for all the shenanigans.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Right, yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Exactly.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So let's go to the past medical history.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Any other history with you, diabetes, thyroid cancer.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I have cancer.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: You do, yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Hi, um, I have it cervical cancer. Actually it's a five.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: It's a five word
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I go see Dr. Rafi at the Cleveland Clinic.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Um, I just had a hysterectomy may 30
Natalie Austin: Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And she did not. She didn't take my
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: She thought she's gonna have to take my lymph nodes. But thank God, she didn't have to take them and I supposed to go back and see her on the 24th of this past month and
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: The guy that I live with now is
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: He we fight a lot
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: We fight a lot over this. So, because he drinks.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And he does a lot of things and which doesn't help me none.
Natalie Austin: He doesn't want you to get treatment.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Now he thinks I'm a pill popper because I have to take these
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: He says, I get high off of these
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And you don't know if anybody's ever had to be on them.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: They make you feel normal.
Natalie Austin: Right, exactly.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I mean,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: That's all I can say about him. I mean, if you don't have them. You're like, you're weak.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Know, that's something I'm working on. He doesn't know it, but
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I'm working on getting out.
Natalie Austin: Of him. Yes. Good.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, you don't need that. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: He drinks a 30 PACK A DAY smokes weed and and he'll do math. So
But I'm
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: I do
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yes.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I have thyroid disease. I'm on
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: 88 micrograms of love boxing.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, I'm hypo. Yep.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So, um, and that is in my family also that am cancer is in my family. Big time. We've just recently found that out this Thanksgiving that my mom is in Florida right now. And she's getting
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: There. Think they found cancer in her throat
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And she doesn't smoke or anything, but
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: She's down there getting treatment or finding out how severe it is right now so
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: As far as that the cancer. I have to get checked, I go back on the 24th of this month.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: To make sure it hasn't spread
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I should have already gone back but he wouldn't take me because he didn't want to take off work and then he caught off that day so avoided that get on the skin, but
Oh, nice.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Do you have hepatitis diabetes can Pepsi.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Or HIV. Yeah, I don't. Not that I know this last place gave me all my blood work and they haven't said anything to me. I've been tested twice.
Natalie Austin: Okay, for a
Natalie Austin: SEC and
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And I've come back negative. So
Natalie Austin: Okay, good. Um,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So that, yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: That I don't think I do have
Natalie Austin: Good one skated that
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: That's good right
Um,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I take ever sat into was just cholesterol pill.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: One doctor that I was with that he went blind, and he did a
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: A test on all of his
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: All of his sub patients and all of his patients. And I guess my large artery. He said was clogged. So the doctor that I see now she
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: She's not very interested in that.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: She just prescribed me 10 milligrams and and he was prescribing me 40 milligrams, so
Natalie Austin: What's the name of the Medicine Woman How do you spell it.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: A t o r VA s ta, ti n
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Ever satin
Natalie Austin: And you get 10 milligrams of that.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: A tour to Staten
Natalie Austin: That's what yeah yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go into. Do you have anxiety or depression or PTSD or any other
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I have anxiety. That's why they had me on. It's like, it must be my whole family because we're all on the same med
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And yeah, it's really weird. Um,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yes, sister. I just got to meet finally got to meet her. She's yeah we I've got anxiety bad I don't go anywhere. I kind of stay here a lot
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And they've helped me now that she's putting me on this different medicine. I really don't like it too much. It makes me tired.
Natalie Austin: All the time, what's it called, what's the name of that medicine.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: That medicine is
Like
Me.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I'm kolata pin.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Pin. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Much. How many milligrams
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: She's got me on one milligram three tablets a day.
Natalie Austin: One milligram three times a day. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: On her point is one or 2.1
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: It's one milligram. Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: She had me on. That's my first fill of that one. She just switched me. I was on Xanax
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And I was on
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Probably the point five Xanax before this script here and those work better for me because I wasn't tired all day. It's like this one lasts longer.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So, which I
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I can go in and see her today or
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Go in and see her because she's in me and still on.
Natalie Austin: Mondays.
Natalie Austin: And Wednesdays. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go into sort of past surgical history. You said you had a hysterectomy. How old were you then.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: It was just in May 30
Natalie Austin: Okay, this year, or 2019
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay. Any other surgeries to serve your appendix tonsils.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I had tonsils. I was three years old, probably, then
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, I've had a tubal
Natalie Austin: tubal ligation.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: To your tube side.
Natalie Austin: When I was 2027 okay
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And that's it. I haven't really had too many surgeries, up until I found out this year that I had the cervical cancer.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, so
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And I'm under her care. It's the Cleveland Clinic. I can't go see any ob gyn around here until she clears me
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Also had unnecessary that I get up there.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: It's 40 minutes away. I need to get up there and get checked to make sure it hasn't spread
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Right, yeah. So as far as taking care of myself. That's, that's, that's an issue with me. I don't like doctors
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go under.
Natalie Austin: Family history, you have a family history of anxiety obviously said, Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah it, be they have died my brother has diabetes.
And
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: This doctor, I just went to which her name is that Vicki Delaney
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Is her name. I don't know if she's my
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: primary doctor and she she's also
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Psychological doctor. She's gives me mice, you know,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: psych meds, but she gave me a blood test of blood work and said that I was it like type two diabetic.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, but my thyroid was so way out of whack that she said that could have been causing it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Giving me supposed to be given any bloodwork here soon to see my because my thyroid was a 52 and it's supposed to be like a three or four, something like that.
Right.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So I've been taking that medicine, just to see, I feel a lot better. I was feeling way back so
Natalie Austin: Are your parents still alive.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yes. Well, my dad's not my dad was an
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Alcoholic my dad passed away.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: In 2000
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And my mother is still alive, she goes to Florida in the winter time.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So,
Natalie Austin: She hasn't she Alive. Alive cancer. He said she had cancer throat cancer.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: They are yeah they're checking her because they found a spot on her throat and she wanted to go back to Florida to talk to that doctor because she trusted him.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So they went back down to Florida. This year, they were supposed to already be back. But they took back off, went down to Florida to get this over with. So
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: She hasn't found anything out yet, but they've cut a piece out, and my aunts, like my grandma sister or something like that was all laid up with cancer. So it is kind of a
Natalie Austin: Cancer minor
Natalie Austin: Your grandma. Your mom side your dad side.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: My mom's
Natalie Austin: Mom side. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, I have two brothers and I started, I had another sister, sister.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So my mom gave her up at birth.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And we just met her two years ago.
Natalie Austin: Oh that's neat.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
Yeah, so
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Um,
Natalie Austin: How older he's older than you.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yes, she's a couple years older than you.
Natalie Austin: And your brother color than me.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Let's see, probably. I mean, there, there, couple years apart but they're older than me. I'm the youngest
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, so, but none of them are past. I don't believe you know maybe
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: My
Natalie Austin: brothers or sisters officer. Oh, nice. Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And my sister. I just found. She's a path biologist.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Oh, everybody's does good except for April. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You'll be fine.
Natalie Austin: We'll get through it. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Right. Um,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I just hope I will feel this way when I get off the meds.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: You know, feel normal. I don't have energy. Anyway, I have no energy at all.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I don't, I was told by a doctor to get a vitamin B six shot or something like that to give me some energy, you know,
Natalie Austin: Let's go under.
Natalie Austin: Fan of social history married single divorced divorced
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: No I'm not, I'm not divorce. I'm still married to that guy.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, I still married to him, but he's
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: He's really sick.
Natalie Austin: You know, he was with his parents.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: He talks to me every day we just
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Neither one of us. I told myself I was getting married one time, one time only.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: He says he plans on taking care of me once he gets his disability. He just got he just got a okay for his disability, so we'll see. I don't know. It'd be better, I'd be better off with him. Then where I'm at right now.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: You don't drink, you don't smoke. You don't do anything anymore.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So he's totally
Natalie Austin: Life around
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: He just had done.
WSJ
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: You have any kids do I hear them. Yes.
Natalie Austin: How old are you,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I have a son 47 years old.
Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: But it's not from my marriage. It's from my
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I had him when I was 19
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Uh huh. So, and he's got five kids.
But so I have
Natalie Austin: Wow.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I have five grandkids and I haven't set a twin
Natalie Austin: In that file.
Natalie Austin: In that five. Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, in that five, I have a. The two girls. There's two girls that are twins.
Natalie Austin: So wow you're busy grandma.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Nice busy as I should be. I'm not
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I know go visit much
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Because he drinks.
A
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Lot.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: That's not good. And I just so babies.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Not all
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Any mean
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: You know,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So we are you a lot.
Natalie Austin: Like it
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Do you
Natalie Austin: Do ahead. Do I do any drugs or drink or smoke cigarettes.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Me.
Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I smoke cigarettes.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Drink. No.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I do not drink.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Good. I mean, I, it is good but it kind of puts a damper on this relationship because that's all he does.
Is draft.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: So,
Natalie Austin: You know, every once in a while.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: They'll want me to drink, you know, and I'm like, I'm not a home drinker. Now, if we can go out and go to a party or something. I may have a few, but it's been it's been two years since I've had a drink.
Natalie Austin: How much do you smile. Just don't
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: PACK A DAY. Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
I smoked a lot
Natalie Austin: Any marijuana use or anything.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: No, no.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Every once in a while, take a hit.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I may take a hit off of his everyone smile but not because it totally does, it does it affect our me. It makes me makes me paranoid.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so, um, how long, how long you been smoking cigarettes. Since I since what's aid.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Will go with 15
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm 50 years old, I said.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go in the review systems.
Natalie Austin: Any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, right now.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: There you go. You and withdrawal right now. I got you.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I work sweat sweat, hot, hot, cold hot, cold, is that
Natalie Austin: Is that from menopause, or from
It all
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, um,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I just got it right.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I just recently got a script from
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: The doctor from from Vicki. Just a short script so she gave me a script of savvy tech to hold me over. So I found a doctor.
Natalie Austin: Okay school
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I shouldn't be going through
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: No, joint pain or headaches, no to 11 point or 14 point of view of systems review with patient period next line physical exam exciting general lot of owners white female no stress vital signs stable a febrile
Natalie Austin: What's your height.
Natalie Austin: Five. Six. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And how much do you weigh
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: 200
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm at AMP T Perla
Natalie Austin: Cardiac pulses and tag lungs, not only respiration saddling understand extremities, the demo site a lot more intense three neuro cranial nerves attacked
Natalie Austin: To tell you the first
Natalie Austin: Next slide. Muscle skeletal five left five
Natalie Austin: can assign assessment one opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: To anxiety or generalized anxiety disorder three tobacco use for cholesterol hypercholesterolemia five history of cervical cancer six hypothyroidism.
Natalie Austin: Next line plan continues to have you tax eight milligram pills one twice a day.
Natalie Austin: One POV ID period on Rx sent to
Natalie Austin: perks pharmacy is it eight you be what's the name of the pharmacy again.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Her pharmacy age you are sh.
Natalie Austin: Okay, as you are sad your accent to her pharmacy number 28 tabs no refills.
Natalie Austin: To
Natalie Austin: Will begin
Natalie Austin: Therapy.
Natalie Austin: individual and group therapy.
Natalie Austin: Three will attend medication classes with the group therapy.
Natalie Austin: I'll be in therapy groups with you on third Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: You can probably start next Thursday probably next Thursday. I'll start.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I want to write it down. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: They said, okay, hopefully they'll send you an email.
Natalie Austin: With all her and for those therapists information. Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Oh, okay. And now, why be with you or why be with a bunch of people
Natalie Austin: Both you're gonna have an individual therapy and then we have a group therapy or we just talked about the medicine.
Natalie Austin: And see if you need refills and go over that.
Natalie Austin: And you'll you'll give me the therapist. She's really nice she covers lots of topics really cool topics so
Natalie Austin: Any new it
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: It's good.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Then we'll get
Natalie Austin: Get your lab work part of the plan here can get your urine drug screen and your lab work completed.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Did you get that information.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I'm actually she told me that I had do it at
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Quest, and I have seven seven days to do it.
Natalie Austin: Yep, that's correct.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, so I haven't looked at my emails.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's all. Actually, in their, their therapy appointments should be in there and your
Natalie Austin: requisition you didn't requisition information for request.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay.
Natalie Austin: For the labs in the urine. Correct.
Natalie Austin: Okay, discussed yes tobacco cessation. We got to work on us decreasing smoking, you know that.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Continue on
Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, I'm pretty good with my medications that I do. I mean,
Do you have
Natalie Austin: For your PCP, and you're like, hi first, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you have all those right yeah
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I have to. Yeah, I have to get refills on them, but she wanted me to find another doctor. So I don't know if she contacts you or you contact her to make sure that you know
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I just, I guess I just don't go to her people anymore and just let her know that I have another another doctor that I see that we don't
Natalie Austin: Know I don't write a clone of in though.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: No, no, she she does that,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, she does that, but she at her place they're not allowed to write both of them.
Natalie Austin: Right, you
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Want me to go out and find another sub doctor
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Doctor, Doctor.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, that's what she
Natalie Austin: He found one you got for that. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: No, that's it. Will I still I'll be seeing you on Thursday. Then
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Uh huh. Okay. At one o'clock. That's good to know. Like, because I am out job hunting. Good. So because I mean I just I just recently lost my job at FedEx so
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: No. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, put that
Natalie Austin: Put that under the social history of currently job seeking. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'm sorry. You lost your job.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, no doubt. I had that job for a long time, and it was because of the doctor took me off the sheet I had
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Type two diabetes, you know, I was so weak and couldn't do anything. And he he he said I was okay, the boss. April. You're just fine. You know, you're one of my best workers and I go in and he says, hey, I couldn't fight for you.
Natalie Austin: Michael Jordan.
Natalie Austin: They fired up because they thought you a diabetes.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: They fired me because I took off from the 22nd to the 25th with the doctors, excuse me, you know, I met no state.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Ohio's in a state, you know, they can fire you for anything.
Natalie Austin: Oh at well yeah so I'm, I'm from Pennsylvania. It's an at will state to
Natalie Austin: They don't
Natalie Austin: You don't need an excuse. Oh, yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Now,
Natalie Austin: You can leave in money.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Like to say see Craig.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I know. Yeah. I mean, you're from Pennsylvania, because I have a, I have relations, Pennsylvania. That's pretty neat.
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I love the border.
Natalie Austin: Of Pennsylvania and Ohio. So yeah, I have a high license in a paid pilot
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Hi, are you in
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Mansfield, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, I'm
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Michel Jarre, huh, you may have a lot of clients from there. I'm not sure.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we are.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we're good. I
Think
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Are you
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: I believe, so we are
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Right. But we do have, we do have the most places around here that for for people that you know have drug issues. We do have a lot of those places around between here in Columbus and Cleveland also
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, and everybody from the surrounding towns are coming to me it's field, you know, for that so
Natalie Austin: Okay pretreatment you mean
Natalie Austin: Yes, for treatment. Good. Okay. Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um, I think I sent you a prescription to the pharmacy already. Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Oh, okay. Um, now I don't know if I'll have a pre off or
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Or what do you know what that is.
Natalie Austin: Right, yeah. Only only if it's more than three tablets a day. Do you need a pre off years only twice a day. So those shouldn't be a problem.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. And I have a higher license. Anyway, so that should be fine.
Natalie Austin: And then if you check your emails. Check the emails, if you have anything if you don't have any information about the therapy appointments. Just call back in
Natalie Austin: And schedule. See, I'm Rachelle on Thursday for the medication and the group appointments
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Were show
Natalie Austin: Yep, because I do the medication and group appointments with her on Thursdays at one. So if it's not in your email. Yeah, check your emails first
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah. Wasn't
Natalie Austin: We're pretty they're pretty good about giving all the information to you already
Natalie Austin: But if you don't have it just calling and schedule to see us.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Week. Okay.
And
Natalie Austin: Seeing how your pharmacy and like an hour secret prescriptions ready or do they call you in Scripture ready
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And these guys have it but Walmart is my place that I go, I'm normally the one because my doctor is right in front of Walmart.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Walmart does not give out in Ohio.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Or man's
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Say Walmart does not give out Suboxone or savvy tech and
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And our insurance hair source Walgreens will not take us anymore.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Mmm, yum. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You said you have allergies to the logs on Prozac. Right.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: No walks in.
Natalie Austin: A flocks and they have saved.
Natalie Austin: Oh, sorry. Yeah, that's
Natalie Austin: Okay, so I was used to the laws and
Natalie Austin: The pro flocks.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay, I just actually always say flop. But I think it's ciprofloxacin
Natalie Austin: Oh,
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, like almost died. Having that I should be wearing a bracelet.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, me I needed to get bracelet. I've never
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: ever gotten a bracelet that
Natalie Austin: Ends in
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Blocks and I will not take
Because it scares me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let me add that separate flocks and then Cipro
Natalie Austin: Blocks. What happens when you take separate blocks.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, hi. My throat
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Just my throat. In my lips swell up. Okay, so I made it to the hospital. Just in time after taking that it's an antibiotic agents, I
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It is like
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Okay, so anything and
Natalie Austin: Then flops in price.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's that. So let's add on. I forgot to add the allergies up there under after the family history for allergies is super flocks and causes anaphylaxis, the locks on causes headaches.
Natalie Austin: And then
Natalie Austin: Medications and fluids.
Natalie Austin: Medications or Klonopin one milligram three times a day, a tour of a stat and 10 milligrams daily Synthroid eight micrograms daily and sub you text eight milligrams tablets twice a day.
Was that it for your meds.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: My fibroid is 88
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: micrograms yep 88
Natalie Austin: Okay, Mike rooms. Yep. That's correct.
Natalie Austin: Did I not say that. Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah, I thought you said eight
Natalie Austin: Oh no ad. Sorry. Any other medicines to add to that.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: No, she's tried to put me on other ones, but I won't take it because I'm too scared. So once I get back. We'll see about the diabetic.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha. Yes, who they want to see is okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so at the end of the note here, just put M O, capital O A RS to be reviewed. It's just a something in here that the chart ORS reviewed.
Natalie Austin: Please send a copy this to Dr. Jennifer Johnson for Co signature.
Natalie Austin: And a dictation. OK, I will see you probably next Thursday. OK.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: And next Thursday. NOT THIS COMING UP THURSDAY.
Natalie Austin: Probably I probably need to be negative. Yeah. Okay. Well, usually take a look at it.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: You have any other questions. Thank you.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: Okay.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: No. Awesome. Nice.
I0U2eFAtED8AAAAAAAAAggFtb3RvIGU1IGdvICgyMjYpAEFnVU: All right.
Natalie Austin: Hi there should be an end button somewhere end to end.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. You're welcome. Nice meeting you.
Natalie Austin: Bye bye.